docs: improve landing pages for Contrib Guide (#3342)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/docs/contribute/general/contrib-guidelines-gen.md

* When proposing new work, start by creating an issue or ticket in the project's
  [issue tracker](https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit/issues).
  If you would like to work on this issue, include that in a comment to the issue.
* Actively participate in the
  [refinement sessions](refinement-guide.md)
  that are part of the regularly scheduled
  [community meetings](https://community.cncf.io/keptn-community/).
    * In these sessions, everyone discusses the proposed work, whether it is a good idea,
      what exactly should be done and how it aligns with the project goals.
    * After the discussions, maintainers engage in a process known as **Scrum Poker**.
      This involves a voting mechanism where maintainers collectively assess the size
      and complexity of the proposed work, helping to decide whether it should proceed.
    * When the issue is refined, it can be assigned and work can begin.
* A PR should be created within a week of when an issue is assigned to you
  or the issue may be reassigned to someone else.

>   When necessary, you can request an extension from the maintainers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When necessary, you can request help from the maintainers
```
